## Password Generator (GitPass)

# <iframe src="https://drive.google.com/file/d/12PN5G8KgNzYLi47tUThnyJTsPETxhNNT/preview" width="640" height="480"></iframe>

# Description
This application generates a random password based on user-selected criteria. The application validates user input and ensure that at least one character type is selected. Once all prompts are answered, the user will be presented with a password matching the answered prompts. This application is also responsive, ensuring that it adapts to multiple screen sizes.
# Installation
Please visit the deployed project at

# Instructions
Create an application that generates a random password based on user-selected criteria. This app will run in the browser and feature dynamically updated HTML and CSS powered by your JavaScript code. The user will be prompted to choose from the following password criteria:
* Length (must be between 8 and 128 characters)
* Character type:
* Special characters
* Numeric characters
* Lowercase characters
* Uppercase characters

## Acceptance Criteria
```
* GIVEN I need a new, secure password
* WHEN I click the button to generate a password
* THEN I am presented with a series of prompts for password criteria
* WHEN prompted for password criteria
* THEN I select which criteria to include in the password
* WHEN prompted for the length of the password
* THEN I choose a length of at least 8 characters and no more than 128 characters
* WHEN prompted for character types to include in the password
* THEN I choose lowercase, uppercase, numeric, and/or special characters
* WHEN I answer each prompt
* THEN my input should be validated and at least one character type should be selected
* WHEN all prompts are answered
* THEN a password is generated that matches the selected criteria
* WHEN the password is generated
* THEN the password is either displayed in an alert or written to the page
```

# Business Security

Companies and that handles sensitive imformation, weak passwords and daily employee usage can pose and create a threat for your, data base, software, and profile informtion. An application that can generate strong passwords quickly and effectively ensures secure access to all data.

# Collaborators
* Summer Healey - editing, specifying functions
* youtubes and repohub's- help me understand the function and the code entry.


Boost Software License - Version 1.0 - August 17th, 2003

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following:

The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.



